Release RC2 (#271)
JoshOrndorff/recipes: text/3-entrees/testing/mock.md

# Mock Runtime for Unit Testing

_See [Testing](./index.html) page for list of kitchen pallets with unit test coverage._

There are two main patterns on writing tests for pallets. We can put the tests:

1. At the bottom of the pallet, place unit tests in a separate Rust module with a special

>    compilation flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   compilation attribute:
```

pub struct TestRuntime;
```

> The `derive` macro attribute provides implementations of the `Clone + PartialEq + Eq + Debug` traits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `derive` macro attribute provides implementations of the `Clone`, `PartialEq`, `Eq`, `Debug` traits
```
Given that `Beef + Sheep` is Rust syntax for specifying trait bounds it might be better to just list the traits to avoid confusion?

}
```

`execute_with` executes all logic expressed in the closure within the configured runtime test
environment specified in `new_test_ext`

## ExtBuilder <a name = "extbuilder"></a>

_[`pallets/struct-storage`](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/recipes/tree/master/pallets/struct-storage)_

> Another approach for a more flexible runtime test environment instantiates a unit struct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another approach providing for a more flexible runtime test environment, instantiates a unit struct
```

}
```

> While testing in this environment, runtimes that require signed extrinsics (aka take `origin` as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While testing in this environment, runtimes that require signed extrinsics (i.e. take `origin` as a
```

}
```

> It is possible to placed signed transactions as parameters in runtime methods that require the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to place signed transactions as parameters in runtime methods that require the
```

### Setting for Testing Event Emittances

Events are not emitted on block 0. So when testing for whether events are emitted, we manually set

> the block number in the test environment from 0 to 1 as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the block number in the test environment from 0 to 1 like so:
```
